Minimal-Fantasy-Snake - log 1

1.The game will be played on a 16x16 grid board.
- i will plan to adjustable board size

2.At the start of the game, spawn a player-controlled Hero, a number of
collectable Heroes, and a number of Monsters.
- clear

3.The player can do the following actions:
To move
Press WASD on the keyboard to move in the up, left, right, and
down directions.
Pressing the D-Pad on the gamepad
The player cannot move in the opposite direction. If the player
character is facing up, they can go left, up, or right, but not down.
The Hero beside the front character will move to occupy the same
space as the previous Hero.
- clear

4.Unlike Snake, there is no fixed interval for movement. This game uses a
turn-based system, in which a turn is passed only when the player makes a
move.
- clear

5.Every character (both Heroes and Monsters) has three stats: Health, Attack,
Defense.
There is a UI showing its stats for each character.
- clear

6.Collision occurs when player character move in a direction that will occupy
the space of other entity (Heroes line, collectable Hero or Monster)
6.1 A collision with the Hero line will result in the game being over
immediately.
- clear

6.2 Collide with collectable Hero will collect that hero. The collected hero
will be at the end of the line. The front character will occupy the space
of that hero. Also, spawn new heroes according to the chance
configuration.
- clear

6.3 Collide with the Monster will result in battle.
When a battle occurs, reduce health both Hero and Monster at the
same time using this formula: Damage = (Attacker Attack - Defender
Defense)
If the Health of the Monster is 0 or lower, remove that enemy from
the game and spawn new Monsters according to the chance
configuration.
If the Health of the Hero is 0 or lower, remove that hero from the
game and move the rest of the line normally.
- clear and if monster not dead player decide to escape or keep fighting

7. There is no win condition. The player can play this game endlessly.
- clear

8. At least these values must be able to be configured.
8.1 Start number of entity spawn
8.2 Min and max stats
8.3 The chance of spawning (how many Heroes or Monsters will be
spawned when removed)
- clear



